Clarify nodes/proxy access to kubelet container logs (#55828)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/security/rbac-good-practices.md

granting any rights to this resource.
These APIs can be exercised via websocket HTTP `GET` requests, which only requires authorization of the **get** verb.
This means that **get** permission on `nodes/proxy` is not a read-only permission.

> For example, `nodes/proxy` grants access to kubelet APIs that can retrieve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, permission to **get** `nodes/proxy` provides access to privileged kubelet
APIs that can retrieve
```
?

Reviewer 2: I like this suggestion as it is clearer
@Federico1976 , what do you think?
